I have something to do tonight
I won't accompany you up there
Pick you up tonight
Xi Shao is so kind to me
Mom's family is not what it used to be
How can you see us?
What the hell do you know?
Go oops
It's him. Why is he here?
Idiots can't even paint their nails
An inferior person is an inferior person. Go away
Dear daughter, what's the matter?
Mom, you don't know
Xi'an City's men found out that they were in the hospital that year
Someone gave birth to his child
What!
Then you're in for next week. Does he know about this?
I don't think I know this yet
But mom, you know
I came back this time to ask you
Do you remember that year?
A child we sent away
Of course I remember
I have raised 4 at home next week over the years
I still have to find this fifth one
People are tired and stupid
Why did you suddenly ask about this?
You don't know
Although Xihancheng is good to me
But he never touches me.
If you get that kid back
I can be a mother and a child
My wife's position is even more secure
All these years have passed
Their whereabouts are long unknown
Blame that bet
Shhh!
Keep it down.
Let them know about the sale of our children
Then why don't you fight with us?
Little pig, why are you here?